What is the compassion tour?


Who are the Flurrys? bios and photos
Maria and Henry Flurry of Stick and Tones have performed in concert
halls, schools, libraries, congregations and with orchestras across
the United States for two decades. Maria plays percussion: anything
you can tap, scrape, or shake (including water!) and melodious
percussion like marimba and vibraphone. Henry plays piano and
guitar. They compose as well.
Together, they delight in harnessing their classical training to study
the music of the world and bring it to audiences of all ages.
MariaFlurry.com, HenryFlurry.com

Mission summary - What is their goal?
Due to a much longer and very beautiful story which they would love to share with you in
person, Henry and Maria return to the road with their "Compassion Tour 2023". Successfully
collaborating with congregations in Arizona to raise funds for people in need inspired them to
expand their mission across the West. Foods banks, microloans, and humanitarian efforts in
Ukraine have benefitted from the living blend of congregational communities and the Flurrys&#39;
musical offerings.

What kind of music does Sticks and Tones offer?
"From Bach to Blues" for Youth to Seniors Length: 60 or 90 minutes
The listener journeys with Henry and Maria from "Ave Maria" and
"The Swan" to Spain, India, New Orleans, and even Henry's original
composition about dear Jasmine the cat and her antics in the picture
window of the Flurrys' living room.
"Find Your Voice" for school-age children. Length: About 55 minutes.
Our voices have power. We use our voices to share stories, express
ourselves, and spark change. Our voices include not only the words we use, but
movements we perform and the music we make together. "Find Your Voice" will provide
an interactive hour to explore sounds, singing, and creating with the people next to us.
As a group, we will write a song celebrating how we can make our voices count as we
build a better world.

already hosted sticks and tones? Share your experience here

What do people say??
From Kellie Walker, Music Minister, Trinity Presbyterian Church, Prescott, AZ:
I am writing to highly recommend Maria and Henry Flurry for a concert in your setting. I have
known them personally and professionally for a number of years, and they are a joy to work

with. Maria is a highly accomplished symphonic percussionist and versatile performer. As the
duo “Sticks and Tones” they have presented entertaining, moving, and joyful concerts in school,
church, and community settings. A few months ago I was privileged to hear a new composition
of Maria’s in a concert at Yavapai Performing Arts Center with her percussionist trio. Utilizing
bowls of water and a painter who painted live on stage, this piece also combined special lighting
and was truly a wonderful piece of “performance art.”
Both Henry (a pianist, guitarist, and acclaimed composer) and Maria have a refreshing and
engaging manner with audiences of all ages and stages. My church, Trinity Presbyterian in
Prescott, Arizona has frequently hired Maria as a guest musician and she always adds
musicality and depth to my choir Cantatas, as well as simpler pieces such as vocal solos.

Where?
They will perform in the area the best fits your community&#39;s needs whether that be the
Sanctuary, another room, or even outdoors. While an acoustic piano is preferred, they are also
happy to bring their own sound system and keyboard.

Why?
No matter the foundational devotional text, the many congregations the Flurrys have
experienced value supporting those in need. As music ministers to multiple congregations, they
have participated first-hand in the day-to-day operations that tend to limit the volunteer hours
available to mount an effective fund-raiser. Sometimes a congregation has a very important
need in mind that has been waiting to rise to the top of the list of priorities for too long. The
Flurrys hope their offerings provide a call to your congregation to set aside a little time for
themselves to gather in community at a concert and/or children-centered performance to make
the difference they want to see in the world.

How much?
This tour is about &quot;paying it forward&quot;. They would like to cover their travel expenses of $400. If
your congregation has an concerns about this amount, please contact Maria for to explore how
a visit from Sticks and Tones can be made affordable to your community.